docs(nuts): document two-PR bundle flow and improve provenance error (#20245)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: op-core/nuts/README.md

## Workflow

Updating a fork's bundle is a **two-PR flow**:

### PR 1 — Contracts change

Change the Solidity source, then regenerate the in-repo snapshots:

```bash
cd packages/contracts-bedrock
just generate-nut-bundle
```

This updates:
- `packages/contracts-bedrock/snapshots/semver-lock.json` (if any predeploy bytecode changed)
- `packages/contracts-bedrock/snapshots/upgrades/current-upgrade-bundle.json` (the candidate bundle)

Commit these alongside your contracts change. **Merge this PR to `develop` before proceeding.**

### PR 2 — Snapshot the bundle for a fork

From a branch based on the updated `develop`:

```bash
just nut-snapshot-for <fork>
```

This copies `current-upgrade-bundle.json` to `op-core/nuts/bundles/<fork>_nut_bundle.json` and updates `fork_lock.toml` with the sha256 hash and the merge-base commit with `origin/develop`.

> **Why merge-base, not HEAD?** The recorded commit is the merge-base with `develop`, not HEAD, so the reference survives squash-merge. That only works if the contracts source that produced the bundle is already on `develop` — which is why PR 1 must land first.

Reviewer: I could be misunderstanding, but I think what we are trying to do here is predict the commit pushed to `develop` when PR 2 is squash merged. That seems brittle to me, since `develop` can move forward between running the command and merging PR2. It might not be the merge-base between the `HEAD` of the branch and the tip of `origin/develop` when the command is run. This means we could get into a situation where the commit in the `fork_lock.toml` is actually not a commit which is on `develop`. 

Can't we just use the tip of `develop` as the commit instead? That's immutable and contains the correct bundle? As long as the author of PR2 runs the command against latest `develop` I think we would end up in a consistent state.

Author: What you suggest is in fact what we are trying to do. :)

The code is here:

https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/151f2a2fa4e3d11787653983f26123e463961a58/ops/scripts/nut-snapshot-for/main.go#L59-L61

The [merge-base](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-merge-base) will always be a common ancestor between the PR branch and `develop`, and therefore should always be a stable commit that will persist in the history of `develop`.

Author: ```suggestion
**Why merge-base, not HEAD?** The recorded commit is the [merge-base](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-merge-base) with `develop`. By ensuring that the recorded commit is a recent ancestor of `develop`, we can ensure that the reference will survives a squash-merge and persist in the history of the `develop` branch. This is why PR 1 must be merged first.
```

Reviewer: Got it thanks, I had confused merge-base with the merge commit of PR2.
